samples: nrf5340: multiprotocol_rpmsg: decrease BT_MAX_CONN (#9226)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

nRF5340 samples
---------------

* :ref:`multiprotocol-rpmsg-sample`:

>   * Decreased the maximum supported number of concurrent BLE connections to 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Decreased the maximum supported number of concurrent Bluetooth LE connections to 4.
```
BLE acronym is forbidden in docs.
